Amendments for third delivery. (#61)
carpentries-incubator/high-dimensional-stats-r: _episodes/03-regression-regularisation.md

Mathematically, we can write the sum of squared residuals as

$$
    \sum_{i=1}^N ( y_i-X_i\beta)^2
$$

> where $\hat{y}_i$ is the predicted y value for each input data

Reviewer: this shouldn't refer to yhat any more

Reviewer 2: I agree. This should be 

```suggestion
where $X_i\beta$ is the predicted y value for each input data
```

Reviewer 2: There is an over-use of notation for $X_i$. In the first equation (line 47) it denotes a specific covariate; here it denotes a specific observation. Too late to consistently change the notation everywhere, but we can fix this prior to the next delivery. @ailithewing could you please add this to the list any other things that you may pick up during delivery?

Author: Yes I've added it to the list which I'll turn into an issue.
